TEI                TEI                complex pure 
ab                 TEI                complex mixed
abbr               TEI                complex mixed
abstract           TEI                complex pure 
accMat             TEI                complex mixed
acquisition        TEI                complex mixed
activity           TEI                complex mixed
actor              TEI                complex mixed
add                TEI                complex mixed
addName            TEI                complex mixed
addSpan            TEI                complex pure 
additional         TEI                complex pure 
additions          TEI                complex mixed
addrLine           TEI                complex mixed
address            TEI                complex pure 
adminInfo          TEI                complex pure 
affiliation        TEI                complex mixed
age                TEI                complex mixed
alt                TEI                complex pure 
altGrp             TEI                complex pure 
altIdent           TEI                complex mixed
altIdentifier      TEI                complex pure 
alternate          TEI                complex pure 
am                 TEI                complex mixed
analytic           TEI                complex pure 
anchor             TEI                complex pure 
annotation         TEI                complex pure 
annotationBlock    TEI                complex pure 
anyElement         TEI                complex pure 
app                TEI                complex pure 
appInfo            TEI                complex pure 
application        TEI                complex pure 
arc                TEI                complex pure 
argument           TEI                complex pure 
att                TEI                complex pure 
attDef             TEI                complex pure 
attList            TEI                complex pure 
attRef             TEI                complex pure 
author             TEI                complex mixed
authority          TEI                complex mixed
availability       TEI                complex pure 
back               TEI                complex pure 
bibl               TEI                complex mixed
biblFull           TEI                complex pure 
biblScope          TEI                complex mixed
biblStruct         TEI                complex pure 
bicond             TEI                complex pure 
binary             TEI                complex pure 
binaryObject       TEI                complex mixed
binding            TEI                complex pure 
bindingDesc        TEI                complex pure 
birth              TEI                complex mixed
bloc               TEI                complex mixed
body               TEI                complex pure 
broadcast          TEI                complex pure 
byline             TEI                complex mixed
c                  TEI                complex mixed
cRefPattern        TEI                complex pure 
caesura            TEI                complex pure 
calendar           TEI                complex pure 
calendarDesc       TEI                complex pure 
camera             TEI                complex mixed
caption            TEI                complex mixed
case               TEI                complex mixed
castGroup          TEI                complex pure 
castItem           TEI                complex mixed
castList           TEI                complex pure 
catDesc            TEI                complex mixed
catRef             TEI                complex pure 
catchwords         TEI                complex mixed
category           TEI                complex pure 
cb                 TEI                complex pure 
cell               TEI                complex mixed
certainty          TEI                complex pure 
change             TEI                complex mixed
channel            TEI                complex mixed
char               TEI                complex pure 
charDecl           TEI                complex pure 
choice             TEI                complex pure 
cit                TEI                complex pure 
citeData           TEI                complex pure 
citeStructure      TEI                complex pure 
citedRange         TEI                complex mixed
cl                 TEI                complex mixed
classCode          TEI                complex mixed
classDecl          TEI                complex pure 
classRef           TEI                complex pure 
classSpec          TEI                complex pure 
classes            TEI                complex pure 
climate            TEI                complex pure 
closer             TEI                complex mixed
code               TEI                complex mixed
collation          TEI                complex mixed
collection         TEI                complex mixed
colloc             TEI                complex mixed
colophon           TEI                complex mixed
cond               TEI                complex pure 
condition          TEI                complex mixed
constitution       TEI                complex mixed
constraint         TEI                complex mixed
constraintSpec     TEI                complex pure 
content            TEI                complex pure 
conversion         TEI                complex pure 
corr               TEI                complex mixed
correction         TEI                complex pure 
correspAction      TEI                complex pure 
correspContext     TEI                complex pure 
correspDesc        TEI                complex pure 
country            TEI                complex mixed
creation           TEI                complex mixed
custEvent          TEI                complex mixed
custodialHist      TEI                complex pure 
damage             TEI                complex mixed
damageSpan         TEI                complex pure 
dataFacet          TEI                complex pure 
dataRef            TEI                complex pure 
dataSpec           TEI                complex pure 
datatype           TEI                complex pure 
date               TEI                complex mixed
dateline           TEI                complex mixed
death              TEI                complex mixed
decoDesc           TEI                complex pure 
decoNote           TEI                complex mixed
def                TEI                complex mixed
default            TEI                complex pure 
defaultVal         TEI                complex mixed
del                TEI                complex mixed
delSpan            TEI                complex pure 
depth              TEI                complex mixed
derivation         TEI                complex mixed
desc               TEI                complex mixed
dictScrap          TEI                complex mixed
dim                TEI                complex mixed
dimensions         TEI                complex pure 
distinct           TEI                complex mixed
distributor        TEI                complex mixed
district           TEI                complex mixed
div                TEI                complex pure 
div1               TEI                complex pure 
div2               TEI                complex pure 
div3               TEI                complex pure 
div4               TEI                complex pure 
div5               TEI                complex pure 
div6               TEI                complex pure 
div7               TEI                complex pure 
divGen             TEI                complex pure 
docAuthor          TEI                complex mixed
docDate            TEI                complex mixed
docEdition         TEI                complex mixed
docImprint         TEI                complex mixed
docTitle           TEI                complex pure 
domain             TEI                complex mixed
eLeaf              TEI                complex pure 
eTree              TEI                complex pure 
edition            TEI                complex mixed
editionStmt        TEI                complex pure 
editor             TEI                complex mixed
editorialDecl      TEI                complex pure 
education          TEI                complex mixed
eg                 TEI                complex mixed
elementRef         TEI                complex pure 
elementSpec        TEI                complex pure 
ellipsis           TEI                complex pure 
email              TEI                complex mixed
emph               TEI                complex mixed
empty              TEI                complex pure 
encodingDesc       TEI                complex pure 
entry              TEI                complex pure 
entryFree          TEI                complex mixed
epigraph           TEI                complex pure 
epilogue           TEI                complex pure 
equipment          TEI                complex pure 
equiv              TEI                complex pure 
etym               TEI                complex mixed
event              TEI                complex pure 
ex                 TEI                complex mixed
exemplum           TEI                complex pure 
expan              TEI                complex mixed
explicit           TEI                complex mixed
extent             TEI                complex mixed
f                  TEI                complex mixed
fDecl              TEI                complex pure 
fDescr             TEI                complex mixed
fLib               TEI                complex pure 
facsimile          TEI                complex pure 
factuality         TEI                complex mixed
faith              TEI                complex mixed
figDesc            TEI                complex mixed
figure             TEI                complex pure 
fileDesc           TEI                complex pure 
filiation          TEI                complex mixed
finalRubric        TEI                complex mixed
floatingText       TEI                complex pure 
floruit            TEI                complex mixed
foliation          TEI                complex mixed
foreign            TEI                complex mixed
forename           TEI                complex mixed
forest             TEI                complex pure 
form               TEI                complex mixed
formula            TEI                complex mixed
front              TEI                complex pure 
fs                 TEI                complex pure 
fsConstraints      TEI                complex pure 
fsDecl             TEI                complex pure 
fsDescr            TEI                complex mixed
fsdDecl            TEI                complex pure 
fsdLink            TEI                complex pure 
funder             TEI                complex mixed
fvLib              TEI                complex pure 
fw                 TEI                complex mixed
g                  TEI                complex mixed
gap                TEI                complex pure 
gb                 TEI                complex pure 
gen                TEI                complex mixed
genName            TEI                complex mixed
gender             TEI                complex mixed
geo                TEI                complex mixed
geoDecl            TEI                complex mixed
geogFeat           TEI                complex mixed
geogName           TEI                complex mixed
gi                 TEI                complex pure 
gloss              TEI                complex mixed
glyph              TEI                complex pure 
gram               TEI                complex mixed
gramGrp            TEI                complex mixed
graph              TEI                complex pure 
graphic            TEI                complex pure 
group              TEI                complex pure 
handDesc           TEI                complex pure 
handNote           TEI                complex mixed
handNotes          TEI                complex pure 
handShift          TEI                complex pure 
head               TEI                complex mixed
headItem           TEI                complex mixed
headLabel          TEI                complex mixed
height             TEI                complex mixed
heraldry           TEI                complex mixed
hi                 TEI                complex mixed
history            TEI                complex pure 
hom                TEI                complex pure 
hyph               TEI                complex mixed
hyphenation        TEI                complex pure 
iNode              TEI                complex pure 
iType              TEI                complex mixed
ident              TEI                complex mixed
idno               TEI                complex mixed
if                 TEI                complex pure 
iff                TEI                complex pure 
imprimatur         TEI                complex mixed
imprint            TEI                complex pure 
incident           TEI                complex pure 
incipit            TEI                complex mixed
index              TEI                complex pure 
institution        TEI                complex mixed
interaction        TEI                complex mixed
interp             TEI                complex mixed
interpGrp          TEI                complex pure 
interpretation     TEI                complex pure 
item               TEI                complex mixed
join               TEI                complex pure 
joinGrp            TEI                complex pure 
keywords           TEI                complex pure 
kinesic            TEI                complex pure 
l                  TEI                complex mixed
label              TEI                complex mixed
lacunaEnd          TEI                complex pure 
lacunaStart        TEI                complex pure 
lang               TEI                complex mixed
langKnowledge      TEI                complex pure 
langKnown          TEI                complex mixed
langUsage          TEI                complex pure 
language           TEI                complex mixed
layout             TEI                complex mixed
layoutDesc         TEI                complex pure 
lb                 TEI                complex pure 
lbl                TEI                complex mixed
leaf               TEI                complex pure 
lem                TEI                complex mixed
lg                 TEI                complex pure 
licence            TEI                complex mixed
line               TEI                complex mixed
link               TEI                complex pure 
linkGrp            TEI                complex pure 
list               TEI                complex pure 
listAnnotation     TEI                complex pure 
listApp            TEI                complex pure 
listBibl           TEI                complex pure 
listChange         TEI                complex pure 
listEvent          TEI                complex pure 
listForest         TEI                complex pure 
listNym            TEI                complex pure 
listObject         TEI                complex pure 
listOrg            TEI                complex pure 
listPerson         TEI                complex pure 
listPlace          TEI                complex pure 
listPrefixDef      TEI                complex pure 
listRef            TEI                complex pure 
listRelation       TEI                complex pure 
listTranspose      TEI                complex pure 
listWit            TEI                complex pure 
localProp          TEI                complex pure 
locale             TEI                complex mixed
location           TEI                complex pure 
locus              TEI                complex mixed
locusGrp           TEI                complex pure 
m                  TEI                complex mixed
macroRef           TEI                complex pure 
macroSpec          TEI                complex pure 
mapping            TEI                complex mixed
material           TEI                complex mixed
measure            TEI                complex mixed
measureGrp         TEI                complex mixed
media              TEI                complex pure 
meeting            TEI                complex mixed
memberOf           TEI                complex mixed
mentioned          TEI                complex mixed
metDecl            TEI                complex pure 
metSym             TEI                complex mixed
metamark           TEI                complex mixed
milestone          TEI                complex pure 
mod                TEI                complex mixed
model              TEI                complex pure 
modelGrp           TEI                complex pure 
modelSequence      TEI                complex pure 
moduleRef          TEI                complex pure 
moduleSpec         TEI                complex pure 
monogr             TEI                complex pure 
mood               TEI                complex mixed
move               TEI                complex pure 
msContents         TEI                complex pure 
msDesc             TEI                complex pure 
msFrag             TEI                complex pure 
msIdentifier       TEI                complex pure 
msItem             TEI                complex pure 
msItemStruct       TEI                complex pure 
msName             TEI                complex mixed
msPart             TEI                complex pure 
musicNotation      TEI                complex mixed
name               TEI                complex mixed
nameLink           TEI                complex mixed
namespace          TEI                complex pure 
nationality        TEI                complex mixed
node               TEI                complex pure 
normalization      TEI                complex pure 
notatedMusic       TEI                complex pure 
note               TEI                complex mixed
noteGrp            TEI                complex pure 
notesStmt          TEI                complex pure 
num                TEI                complex mixed
number             TEI                complex mixed
numeric            TEI                complex pure 
nym                TEI                complex pure 
oRef               TEI                complex mixed
object             TEI                complex pure 
objectDesc         TEI                complex pure 
objectIdentifier   TEI                complex pure 
objectName         TEI                complex mixed
objectType         TEI                complex mixed
occupation         TEI                complex mixed
offset             TEI                complex mixed
opener             TEI                complex mixed
org                TEI                complex pure 
orgName            TEI                complex mixed
orig               TEI                complex mixed
origDate           TEI                complex mixed
origPlace          TEI                complex mixed
origin             TEI                complex mixed
orth               TEI                complex mixed
outputRendition    TEI                complex mixed
p                  TEI                complex mixed
pRef               TEI                complex mixed
param              TEI                complex pure 
paramList          TEI                complex pure 
paramSpec          TEI                complex pure 
particDesc         TEI                complex pure 
path               TEI                complex pure 
pause              TEI                complex pure 
pb                 TEI                complex pure 
pc                 TEI                complex mixed
per                TEI                complex mixed
performance        TEI                complex pure 
persName           TEI                complex mixed
persPronouns       TEI                complex mixed
person             TEI                complex pure 
personGrp          TEI                complex pure 
persona            TEI                complex pure 
phr                TEI                complex mixed
physDesc           TEI                complex pure 
place              TEI                complex pure 
placeName          TEI                complex mixed
population         TEI                complex pure 
pos                TEI                complex mixed
postBox            TEI                complex mixed
postCode           TEI                complex mixed
postscript         TEI                complex pure 
precision          TEI                complex pure 
prefixDef          TEI                complex pure 
preparedness       TEI                complex mixed
principal          TEI                complex mixed
profileDesc        TEI                complex pure 
projectDesc        TEI                complex pure 
prologue           TEI                complex pure 
pron               TEI                complex mixed
provenance         TEI                complex mixed
ptr                TEI                complex pure 
pubPlace           TEI                complex mixed
publicationStmt    TEI                complex pure 
publisher          TEI                complex mixed
punctuation        TEI                complex pure 
purpose            TEI                complex mixed
q                  TEI                complex mixed
quotation          TEI                complex pure 
quote              TEI                complex mixed
rb                 TEI                complex mixed
rdg                TEI                complex mixed
rdgGrp             TEI                complex pure 
re                 TEI                complex mixed
recordHist         TEI                complex pure 
recording          TEI                complex pure 
recordingStmt      TEI                complex pure 
redo               TEI                complex pure 
ref                TEI                complex mixed
refState           TEI                complex pure 
refsDecl           TEI                complex pure 
reg                TEI                complex mixed
region             TEI                complex mixed
relatedItem        TEI                complex pure 
relation           TEI                complex pure 
remarks            TEI                complex pure 
rendition          TEI                complex mixed
repository         TEI                complex mixed
residence          TEI                complex mixed
resp               TEI                complex mixed
respStmt           TEI                complex pure 
respons            TEI                complex pure 
restore            TEI                complex mixed
retrace            TEI                complex mixed
revisionDesc       TEI                complex pure 
rhyme              TEI                complex mixed
role               TEI                complex mixed
roleDesc           TEI                complex mixed
roleName           TEI                complex mixed
root               TEI                complex pure 
row                TEI                complex pure 
rs                 TEI                complex mixed
rt                 TEI                complex mixed
rubric             TEI                complex mixed
ruby               TEI                complex pure 
s                  TEI                complex mixed
said               TEI                complex mixed
salute             TEI                complex mixed
samplingDecl       TEI                complex pure 
schemaRef          TEI                complex pure 
schemaSpec         TEI                complex pure 
scriptDesc         TEI                complex pure 
scriptNote         TEI                complex mixed
scriptStmt         TEI                complex pure 
seal               TEI                complex pure 
sealDesc           TEI                complex pure 
secFol             TEI                complex mixed
secl               TEI                complex mixed
seg                TEI                complex mixed
segmentation       TEI                complex pure 
sense              TEI                complex mixed
sequence           TEI                complex pure 
series             TEI                complex mixed
seriesStmt         TEI                complex pure 
set                TEI                complex pure 
setting            TEI                complex pure 
settingDesc        TEI                complex pure 
settlement         TEI                complex mixed
sex                TEI                complex mixed
shift              TEI                complex pure 
sic                TEI                complex mixed
signatures         TEI                complex mixed
signed             TEI                complex mixed
soCalled           TEI                complex mixed
socecStatus        TEI                complex mixed
sound              TEI                complex mixed
source             TEI                complex mixed
sourceDesc         TEI                complex pure 
sourceDoc          TEI                complex pure 
sp                 TEI                complex pure 
spGrp              TEI                complex pure 
space              TEI                complex pure 
span               TEI                complex mixed
spanGrp            TEI                complex pure 
speaker            TEI                complex mixed
specDesc           TEI                complex pure 
specGrp            TEI                complex pure 
specGrpRef         TEI                complex pure 
specList           TEI                complex pure 
sponsor            TEI                complex mixed
stage              TEI                complex mixed
stamp              TEI                complex mixed
standOff           TEI                complex pure 
state              TEI                complex pure 
stdVals            TEI                complex pure 
street             TEI                complex mixed
stress             TEI                complex mixed
string             TEI                complex mixed
styleDefDecl       TEI                complex pure 
subc               TEI                complex mixed
subst              TEI                complex pure 
substJoin          TEI                complex pure 
summary            TEI                complex mixed
superEntry         TEI                complex pure 
supplied           TEI                complex mixed
support            TEI                complex mixed
supportDesc        TEI                complex pure 
surface            TEI                complex pure 
surfaceGrp         TEI                complex pure 
surname            TEI                complex mixed
surplus            TEI                complex mixed
surrogates         TEI                complex mixed
syll               TEI                complex mixed
symbol             TEI                complex pure 
table              TEI                complex pure 
tag                TEI                complex mixed
tagUsage           TEI                complex mixed
tagsDecl           TEI                complex pure 
taxonomy           TEI                complex pure 
tech               TEI                complex mixed
teiCorpus          TEI                complex pure 
teiHeader          TEI                complex pure 
term               TEI                complex mixed
terrain            TEI                complex pure 
text               TEI                complex pure 
textClass          TEI                complex pure 
textDesc           TEI                complex pure 
textLang           TEI                complex mixed
textNode           TEI                complex pure 
then               TEI                complex pure 
time               TEI                complex mixed
timeline           TEI                complex pure 
title              TEI                complex mixed
titlePage          TEI                complex pure 
titlePart          TEI                complex mixed
titleStmt          TEI                complex pure 
tns                TEI                complex mixed
trailer            TEI                complex mixed
trait              TEI                complex pure 
transcriptionDesc  TEI                complex pure 
transpose          TEI                complex pure 
tree               TEI                complex pure 
triangle           TEI                complex pure 
typeDesc           TEI                complex pure 
typeNote           TEI                complex mixed
u                  TEI                complex mixed
unclear            TEI                complex mixed
undo               TEI                complex pure 
unicodeProp        TEI                complex pure 
unihanProp         TEI                complex pure 
unit               TEI                complex mixed
unitDecl           TEI                complex pure 
unitDef            TEI                complex pure 
usg                TEI                complex mixed
vAlt               TEI                complex pure 
vColl              TEI                complex pure 
vDefault           TEI                complex pure 
vLabel             TEI                complex pure 
vMerge             TEI                complex pure 
vNot               TEI                complex pure 
vRange             TEI                complex pure 
val                TEI                complex mixed
valDesc            TEI                complex mixed
valItem            TEI                complex pure 
valList            TEI                complex pure 
variantEncoding    TEI                complex pure 
view               TEI                complex mixed
vocal              TEI                complex pure 
w                  TEI                complex mixed
watermark          TEI                complex mixed
when               TEI                complex pure 
width              TEI                complex mixed
wit                TEI                complex mixed
witDetail          TEI                complex mixed
witEnd             TEI                complex pure 
witStart           TEI                complex pure 
witness            TEI                complex mixed
writing            TEI                complex mixed
xenoData           TEI                complex mixed
xr                 TEI                complex mixed
zone               TEI                complex mixed
